Address all Typos (#8)
forgecommunitywiki/Documentation: docs/items/items.md

### Basic Items

> Basic items that need no special functionality (think sticks or sugar) don't need custom classes. You can create an item by instantiate the `Item` class with an `Item.Properties` object. This `Item.Properties` object can be made calling the constructor and it can be customized by calling its methods. For instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic items that need no special functionality (think sticks or sugar) don't need custom classes. You can create an item by instantiating the `Item` class with an `Item.Properties` object. This `Item.Properties` object can be made using the constructor and can be customized by calling its methods. For instance:
```
